1. Paste the console output you saved at the end of step 3.C
On branch master
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

nothing to commit, working tree clean

2. How many commits have been done to the repository (not only by you, but by anyone) so far? Write the git command you used to get this information
8 commits, I used git rev-list --count HEAD

3. When was the README.md file modified last? Write the git command you used to get this information
The README.md file was modified last on October 23rd, 2025 at 7:28pm. I used the git command
git log.

4. Mention two reasons why branches are used in a Git repository
One reason why branches are used in a git repository are that they allow you to work
on new features of a project in isolation from other branches so that if something goes wrong in your 
code it does not affect the entire project and you can have a version that is still stable and works.
Another reason is that branches allow you to organize your code development if you are working with other 
people on the same project and each developer can have a seperate branch for their own part and then the 
seperate branches can be merged. 

5. What is the difference between git log and git status?
The difference between git log and git status is that git log shows a log of all of the commits that have 
occurred within the repository with the author and their email and the date with all of the commit comments, 
whereas git status shows what branch you're on, what changes need to be commited, and the branch status. 

6. What command would you use to see the commits where “Vehicle.h” was one of the committed files?
git log Vehicle.h

7. What command would you use to see the commits whose commit message contains the word “file”?
git log --grep="file"

8. In the context of object-oriented programming (I) What is inheritance? (II) What is polymorphism? (III) What is encapsulation?
(I) Inheritance is the concept of sub-classes sharing the properties of a parent class and inheriting those properties 
while also having some of their own properties. Inheritance allows us to model the common properties among a group of things, such 
as how all vehicles have wheels, both a car and motorcycle object could inherit from vehicle and thus share the attribute of wheels.
(II) Polymorphism is 
(III) Encapsulation is using getter and setter functions to hide the initialization and retrieval of attributes of a class behind a 
function that may require input validation to ensure that illegal values are not used to set values for an attribute.

9. What is the main difference between the “Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow and the “Integration manager” workflow? 

10.  How would a team of 100 developers benefit from following the “Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow instead of the “Centralized” workflow?
